That's an excellent question. Based on my understanding of the original Java/Kotlin codebase and what has been implemented so far in Node.js, here's a high-level overview of major components that are likely still missing or incomplete:

1. Conference Logic & Advanced Features:

Conference-Destroy/Expiration Logic: The Java version has sophisticated logic for expiring conferences, including timeouts when a conference is empty for a certain period or when a single participant is left alone. This logic (e.g., SingleParticipantTimeout, ConferenceExpireTask) is likely not fully implemented.
AV Moderation: Handling for audio/video moderation commands (e.g., mute/unmute all) via MUC presence or IQs (AvModerationHandler).
My MUC Presence: I maintain a presence in the MUC, signaling my status and capabilities. While the Node.js version joins the MUC, the full set of presence extensions and status updates might be missing.
Recording (Jibri) Integration: While JibriDetector exists to find Jibris, the full application logic for starting/stopping recordings, handling Jibri status updates, and managing recording sessions is a large, unconverted feature.
SIP/PSTN (Jigasi) Integration: Similar to Jibri, while a JigasiDetector might exist, the logic to handle SIP calls and manage Jigasi sessions is another major component.
Authentication & Authorization: The stubs for AuthenticationAuthority exist, but the complete logic for handling different authentication strategies (e.g., XMPP, JWT, Shibboleth) and managing user roles/rights within a conference is likely incomplete.
2. Bridge & Selector Logic::

Colibri/Octo Relays: The current implementation focuses on a single-bridge (ColibriV2SessionManager). The logic for multi-bridge conferences using Octo for inter-bridge relays is a significant and complex feature that is almost certainly not converted.
JVB Health Checks (JvbDoctor): While a placeholder file exists, the full implementation of sending health-check IQs to bridges, interpreting the results, and marking bridges as unhealthy in the BridgeSelector is probably not complete.
Advanced Bridge Selection Strategies: The current selector is likely basic (e.g., based on stress). The Java version has more advanced strategies, including region-based selection, version preferences, and draining bridges gracefully.
3. XMPP & IQ Handling:

Specific IQ Handlers: Many specific IQ handlers 
from the Java version are likely missing. 
This includes handlers for conference-specific IQs, 
stats requests, and various custom protocols Jitsi uses.

Component Connections: I can connect to XMPP 
as an external component. While the Node.js version 
has client connections, the full logic for acting 
as a component and handling component-level IQ 
routing might be missing.
4. Operational & Support Features:

REST API: An ApiService placeholder exists, but the full set of REST API endpoints for stats, debugging (/debug state), and administration is likely not implemented.
Metrics: While MetricsContainer exists, many of the specific metrics gathered throughout the Java codebase have likely not been instrumented in the Node.js version.
Graceful Shutdown: A complete graceful shutdown sequence, which ensures all conferences are properly terminated and bridges are notified before the process exits, needs to be fully implemented.
In summary, the core of establishing a single conference on a single bridge has been the focus. The next major areas would be expanding to multi-bridge/Octo support, implementing recording/SIP features, and building out the operational components like the REST API and advanced health checks.

What area would you like to prioritize next?


/// To run jicofo the java build locally
1. mvn compile, build, and last mvn install
2. sudo cp ./jicofo-selector/src/main/resources/reference.conf /etc/jitsi/jicofo.conf 
3. export JAVA_SYS_PROPS="-Dconfig.file=/etc/jitsi/jicofo.conf"
4. ./local_build/jicofo-1.1-SNAPSHOT/jicofo.sh OR ./jicofo/resources/jicofo.sh